V It is reported commonly that there was fornication
and such fornication as is not so much as named among the Gentiles, that one should have his
father's wife. And ye are puffed up, and have not rather mourned, that he that hath done this deed
might be taken away from among you. For I verily, as absent in body, but present in spirit,
have judged already as though I were present, concerning him that hath so done this deed.
In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, when ye are gathered together, and my spirit,
with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ, to deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the
flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus. Your glorying is not good.
Know ye not that a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump? Purge out therefore the old leaven,
that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our Passover is sacrificed for
us. Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice
and wickedness, but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth. I wrote unto you in an epistle
not to company with fornicators, yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world,
or with the covetous, or extortioners, or with idolaters, for then must ye needs go out of the
world. But now I have written unto you not to keep company, if any man that is called a brother,
be a fornicator, or covetous, or an idolater, or a railler, or a drunkard, or an extortioner,
with such an one know not to eat. For what have I to do, to judge them also that are without?
Do not ye judge them that are within? But them that are without, God judgeth. Therefore put
away from among yourselves that wicked person. Chapter 6. Dare any of you, having a matter
against another, go to law before the unjust, and not before the saints? Do we not know that
the saints shall judge the world? And if the world shall be judged by you, are ye unworthy
to judge the smallest matters? Know we not that we shall judge angels? How much more things that
pertain to this life? If then ye have judgments of things pertaining to this life, set them to judge
who are least esteemed in the church. I speak to your shame. Is it so that there is not a wise man
among you? No, not one that shall be able to judge between his brethren. But brother goeth to law
with brother, and that before the unbelievers. Now therefore there is utterly a fault among you,
because ye go to law one with another. Why do we not rather take wrong? Why do ye not rather suffer
yourselves to be defrauded? Nay, ye do wrong and defraud, and that your brethren. Know we not that
the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived, neither fornicators,
nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,
nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners shall inherit the
kingdom of God. And such were some of you, but ye are washed, but ye are sanctified,
but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the spirit of our God. All things
are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient. All things are lawful for me,
but I will not be brought under the power of Aene. Meats for the belly, and the belly for meats,
but God shall destroy both it and them. Now the body is not for fornication, but for the Lord,
and the Lord for the body. And God hath both raised up the Lord, and will also raise up us
by his own power. Know ye not that your bodies are the members of Christ? Shall I then take the
members of Christ, and make them the members of Anharlot? God forbid. What? Know ye not that he
which is joined to Anharlot is one body? For two, saith he, shall be one flesh. But he that is
joined unto the Lord is one spirit. Flee fornication. Every sin that a man doeth is without the body,
but he that cometh fornication sinneth against his own body. What? Know ye not that your body is the
temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own? For ye
are bought with a price. Therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's.
March 2011